[WIP] Test task Technical Writer (#5111)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/advanced/projects.md

title: 'Projects page'
linkTitle: 'Projects page'
weight: 1
description: 'Projects documentation provides details on how to create the CVAT project, load the CVAT project from a backup, and navigate through the project.'

---

## Projects page

CVAT project (hereinafter - project) is a top-level container that helps you to keep CVAT tasks of the same type better organized.
A project usually corresponds to a dataset.

Use this page to create a Project with specified settings like issue tracker, source storage, target storage, bug tracker, segment size, image quality, and others. Settings of the project will further propagate to the task(s) associated with it.

To open the Project page:

> 1. [Log in](https://app.cvat.ai/) to your CVAT account.

Reviewer: We describe here a general case, not our service. Probably need to have two variants here: for localhost and app.cvat.ai. Need to think twice about that.

2. On the top navigation bar, click **Projects**.

You will see the following page:

> ![CVAT Project main page](../../../images/cvat-project-main-page.png)

Reviewer: The link doesn't work. Please read how to run documentation server locally (`hugo server`)

   2. **Quick filters** Use it to filter by projects assigned to you, owned by you, and not complete projects.
   3. **Filter** Use it for customizable searches by adding your own filtering rules and groups.
   4. **Clear filters** is only active, when one of the filters is active. Use it to clear all filters.

4. ![Plus](/images/plus.png) . Click it to open the drop-down menu:

   1. **Create new project** Use it to create a new project.
   2. **Create from backup** Use it to create a project from the backup.
5. **Create a new one** duplicates **Create new project**, use it to create a new project.
6. Project pane, where the created project will appear.

## Create a new project

> **Note** that the project will appear in the organization that you selected at the time of creation.
> For more information, see [organizations](/docs/manual/advanced/organization/).

There are two types of labels that you can add to the project at the same time:

- Skeleton labels - where you must add "skeleton" to the uploaded picture.
- Regular labels - all other types of labels

The main steps of the procedure are common for both types of labels.

> On how to set up a sceleton lable, see [setup sceleton](#setup-sceleton-extention),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On how to set up a skeleton label, see [setup skeleton](#setup-skeleton-extention),
```

To create a new project, do the following:

1. In the top right part of the screen click ![Plus](/images/plus.png), and from the drop-down menu select **Create new project**.

   ![Create new project window](/images/create_new_project.png)

2. Go to the **Constructor** tab.
3. In the **Name** field enter the name of your project.
4. Click **Add label** and fill in the following fields:

>   1. **Label name** Mandatory field. Enter the name of the annotation label.

Reviewer: I believe remark linter told us about that.

   4. If you want to change the attribute from frame to frame, select the **Mutable** checkbox.
   5. If you want to remove the attribute, click ![Garbage bin](/images/garbage-bin.png)

      > **Note** you can add more than one attribute, by clicking **Add attribute**  more than one time.

      ![Create project-filled labels and attributes](/images/create_new_project_01.png)

5. Click **Continue**. Now the project has a label. To add more labels repeat steps 1 to 5.

   ![Create project filled labels and attributes](/images/create_new_project_02.png)

6. Optional. Use **Advanced configuration** to add an issue tracker, source storage, and target storage to the project:

   1. Click the **Advanced configuration** drop-down.
   2. In the **Issue tracker** field, enter the URL of the issue tracker, that you use.
   3. In the **Source storage** field enter the source storage from which you import resources.
   4. In the **Target storage** field enter the target storage to export resources.
7. Click:
   - In case you want to open a new project **Submit & open**
   - In case you want to create another project **Submit & continue**

> The project will appear on the project pane.

Reviewer: Did you mean page?

Author: No, I did mean "pane" because I've marked what is "pane" at the beginning of the procedure description.
